It's really jade
It looks like suet jade is still big
Such a big suet jade is at least 100 million
Little fish is really my lucky star
Song Yang should be the best
should
Where is this going?
The best ones here are worth billions
Dad Xiaoyuer thinks there are better ones
Xiaoyuer, which one do you like again?
I don't know, Xiaoyuer, look at Xiaoyuer again
If you can make a better one
Then this piece will be given to the little fish as a gift.
Thank you, Aunt Li
How is that possible?
What a fine material
This may be that the old man is wrong
It's okay, let's go and see other stones.
Captain, what's wrong?
I can't afford it and want to run away
Enough, Song Yang
You just won by luck
How many lives do you dare to spend my cousin's money on?
Can't you afford it?
Not cousin, as soon as I take your bitch away
I'm excited to see you
Cousin, do I need to say it a second time?
It's not that I can't afford to lose
Thank you Qi Shao for opening the purse generously
Then I'm welcome.
Qi Guangjin
In the last life, Aunt Li was forced to death by you
In this life, he has been so kind to me and my father
I just want to help him collect some interest